Alerting: Update starting version for central ash (OSS users) (#92399)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/manage-notifications/view-state-health.md

{{% admonition type="note" %}}
For Grafana Enterprise and OSS users:

> The feature will be available starting with Grafana 12.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature is available starting with Grafana 11.2.
```
